# eAIP Maps

This series of maps plots important elements of India's aeronautical infrastructure. It covers all the civil airports and presents information about their name, elevation, ICAO codes, radio frequencies and more. These maps are useful for pilots to plan their VFR flights where they can plan the course of the flight and calculate headings and checkpoints. The key map (1:1000000) shows the 4 flight information regions (FIR) in India along with breakup for the detailed regional maps (1:500000) which shows all the features at an appropriate scale for flight planning.  
The geographic boundaries have been sources from Bhuvan webportal and the information about aerodromes and associated information has been sources from Aeronautical Information Package (eAIP) - the official Indian aviation regulatory body's data platform. The information is published on their web page in html tables. A parser written for this project scans the portal and extracts information relevant for the creation of this map. The parser converts the coordinates from the eAIP portal to a mapping compatible format and overlays it with the information from Bhuvan. An additional layer shows the positions of all the radio stations which is useful for both VFR/IFR flying.  
The parser is written in Javascript and published as an open source project. It forms a part of the project as an automated system to update maps with latest publicly posted information. More information than what is shown in the map is parsed. In future development the additional information will exposed via a web map which allows creating an easier interface for representing the data.